Feature: Documentation Translation (#250)
simde-utc/portail: documentation/backend/services.md

# Services

Services aim to implement external APIs or particular functionnalities such as Ginger or the CAS.

Namespace : `\App\Services\...`
Folder :   `app/Services`

> To create a new services/authentification system, just create a child class of the AuthService.php service and ovveride the parent functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new services/authentication system, just create a child class of the AuthService.php service and override the parent functions.
```

It is also necessary to add to service in `config/auth.php`.

## Central Authentification Service (CAS)

> The CAS is an authentification service automatically managed by the created CAS service. It handles automatically logins and logouts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CAS is an authentication service automatically managed by the created CAS service. It handles automatically logins and logouts. 
```
